---
title: "Appendix D.7 - Unstructured Mesh File Format Legacy EEOUT"
chapter: "D.7"
source_pdf: "mcnp631_theory_user-manual/appendecies/D.7_Unstructured_Mesh_File_Format_Legacy_EEOUT.pdf"
conversion_date: "2025-10-30"
converted_by: "Docling MCP Server + Claude"
notes: "Converted from MCNP6.3.1 documentation"
---

## D.7 Unstructured Mesh File Format: Legacy EEOUT

## D.7.1 Introduction

## /\_445 Deprecation Notice

DEP-53294

The EEOUT file format is deprecated. As an output file, it has been
supplanted by an HDF5-formatted file [§D.6]. For the purpose of
restarting a calculation, it has been supplanted by a location within
the HDF5-formatted MCNP runtape (see the hdf5file argument on the EMBED
card).

This section provides a brief description of version 6 of MCNP6's
elemental edit output file ( EEOUT ) generated by the Revised Extended
Grid Library (REGL).

## D.7.2 EEOUT File

This section describes the elemental edit output file from MCNP6,
otherwise known as the EEOUT file. This file contains a variety of
information besides the edit results that have been calculated on a
given mesh. Mainly, the information in this file consists of the
results, known as edits, and a generic description of the mesh. What is
meant by generic is that the mesh description in the file bears little
resemblance to that created by the tool which generated the mesh.
Therefore, many specific formats may eventually be read by the mesh
library, but only one output format will be supported. In that regard,
the format for the EEOUT file has been developed to accommodate what is
thought to be all of the relevant data not only for post-processing but
also for problem restart. Some of the data present in the file may be in
a form that is only relevant to the REGL.

The following description is for version 6 of the EEOUT file and is
similar to previous versions. An example EEOUT file follows this
discussion and is a composite of two different problems. This composite
file was done to make it easier to illustrate some data sets and to keep
the example short. Some lines in this example are color coded for easier
identification.

Note that this implementation of the unstructured mesh library is with
Fortran and that both ASCII and binary versions of the EEOUT file are
possible. Fortran inserts beginning and ending record markers around
each binary file record; this should be taken into consideration when
using a non-Fortran programming language to construct a routine that
reads this file. However, if your distribution comes with the source
code, consider using REGL to read the EEOUT file. See the UM utilities
for examples of how to work with REGL.

## D.7.3 Self-Describing File

The EEOUT file was designed to be a self-describing file with the goal
of allowing easy access to and identification of the file's data for
those developers who choose not to link with the mesh library and use
its routines. The meta data and keyword-value pairs (KWV-pairs), both
discussed below, permit the developer a number of options in terms of
parsing through the file to extract relevant information.

The data in the file is grouped into data-sets with at least two data-
set segments and at most three data-set segments per data-set. The three
data-set segments are

- identification
- title line

- data

Except for the first line of the file, each data-set adheres to this
convention. All data-sets must contain the data-set identification which
is nothing more than the meta data that describes the segments following
it. There is no justification for the meta data appearing in the file by
itself, so either one or both of the other data-set segments follow it.

The EEOUT file also uses KWV-pairs. These appear anywhere there is
character data. That is, these pairs may appear in either the title line
segment or the data segment. The keyword-value pair is a convenient way
to group a short description with either a numeric or alphanumeric
value. Each pair consists of one or more keywords to the left of a colon
(:) and a value to the right. When multiple KWV-pairs appear on a line,
they are separated by a semicolon (;).

## D.7.3.1 Identification Segment

This single meta data line always consists of six 8-byte integers, 1)
through 6). Their significance is described next and accommodates some
flexibility in use.

1. Number of characters in the title line (A value of 0 indicates no title line segment)
2. Number of records in the data-set after the title record (A value of 0 indicates no data segment)
3. Data type that appears in the data segment. No mixed types are permitted.
4. Size in bytes of each 3) data item. If 2) = 0, then 4)'s value is meaningless.
5. Number of items in each data record. If 2) = 0, then 5)'s value is meaningless.
6. Parse length of each record. This is the number of entries formatted for each ASCII data line. If 2) = 0, then 6)'s value is meaningless.

```
0 - no data lines follow (redundant when 2) = 0) 1 - character data 2 - integer data 3 - real data
```

## D.7.3.2 Title Line Segment

The title line data segment is optional. However, it must be present if
there is no data segment. In this sense, the data is contained within
the title line as one or more KWV-pairs. This line is always interpreted
as character data so that item 1) in the meta data line is a positive
integer. Generally, this title line describes the data that follows it.

## D.7.3.3 Data Segment

The data segment is optional. However, it must be present if there is no
title line segment. This data may be character, integer, or real as
indicated by item 3) in the meta data. Most of the data segments in the
EEOUT file are either integer or real. In some instances where there is
character data in this segment it may be something as simple as a list
of material names or it may be KWV-pairs.

## D.7.4 The EEOUT File Description

The following sections discuss the various data-sets that appear in the
EEOUT file in the order that they appear. As mentioned above, an example
file follows, Section D.7.5. In the example file all identification
segments (meta data) appear in red and all title line segments appear in
blue.

## D.7.4.1 First Line

The first line of the EEOUT file is a description line that contains
exactly 12 characters. If the file is the ASCII version, the 12
characters, ignoring the double quotes, are 'MCNP EDITS A', where the
'A' stands for ASCII. If the file is the binary version, the 12
characters, ignoring the double quotes, are 'MCNP EDITS B', where the
'B' stands for binary. Note that there is no meta data line preceding
this line.

In the binary version of this file there will be Fortran inserted record
markers before and after these 12 characters. If the developer is using
a programming language other than Fortran to read the file, the length
of the markers can be deduced from the total length of this line. With
this information, subsequent records in the file can be read and the
markers ignored to obtain the record information.

## D.7.4.2 First Data Set

The first data set in the file does not contain a title line segment,
but contains two KWV-pairs in two records. From the first pair, the
value provides the mesh source. Since the Abaqus/CAE mesh input file is
currently the only mesh input file that the library reads, the value is
'ABAQUS'. From the second KWV-pair, the value provides the version
number of the EEOUT file.

## D.7.4.3 Calling Code Labels

The second data-set consists of KWV-pairs containing descriptive
information from the code that calls the mesh library. In the case of
MCNP6, there are 8 labels that it passes to form the KWV-pairs in the
output. Note that the calling code has inserted a special character,
'|', to signify the end of meaningful characters on a line. The first
one has keywords 'Prob ID' and is the problem description supplied by
the user in the MCNP6 run. The second and third KWV-pairs have the
keywords 'Calling Code' and 'Code Version' which in this case confirms
that the code using the library is MCNP6 and its associated build
version. The fourth KWV-pair provides the Date &amp; Time that the EEOUT
file was generated. The fifth through eighth KWV-pairs supply four files
associated with the MCNP6 calculation that generated the EEOUT file.
These four files are

- the MCNP6 inp file
- the MCNP6 outp file
- the MCNP6 runtpe file
- the Abaqus inp file that contains the mesh description

Other associated files may by added to this data-set in the future.

NOTE: When the third entry on MCNP6's PRDMP card is set to -1, this
data-set is not present.

## D.7.4.4 Integer Parameters

The third data-set contains 12 KWV-pairs where the value part of the
pair is an integer. The second through tenth pairs are parameters
associated with the mesh geometry and their names are self-explanatory.
They are the numbers of nodes, materials, instances, first-order
tetrahedra, first-order pentahedra, first-order hexahedra, second-order
tetrahedra, second-order pentahedra, and second-order hexahedra.

The first KWV-pair is the number of particles in the calculation.

The eleventh KWV-pair is the number of histories from the Monte Carlo
calculation upon which the edit results are based. This is the number
that is used in normalizing the edits.

The twelfth KWV-pair provides the number of edits or EMBEE cards that
were specified in the input.

## D.7.4.5 Real Parameters

The fourth data-set contains 2 KWV-value pairs where the value parts of
the pairs are real numbers. In the first pair, the value is the length
conversion for all of the spatial coordinates from the input mesh file
and represents the multiplier needed to convert from the units of the
original mesh model to centimeters (in this case the units required by
MCNP6). This value has been applied to all coordinates appearing in the
EEOUT file and consequently is reflected in all of the results. In the
second pair, the value is the normalization factor that has been applied
to all results in the file. This factor is used to un-normalize the
results for continue runs.

## D.7.4.6 Particle List

The fifth data-set contains a list of the particle numbers from the
calling code. In the example given, there are two particles and the
numbers in the data set are 1 and 2. Since this was MCNP6 writing the
file, these number correspond to neutrons and photons. If the number
would have been 2 and 3, the particles would be photons and electrons.

## D.7.4.7 Particle Edit List

The sixth data-set is a mapping of the particles to the edits and is
needed internally by the code. Inside the code this information is
stored in a 2-D array where the first index is for the edit number
(where the maximum number of entries corresponds to the total number of
edits) and the second index is for the particle. The value stored in any
array slot is the internal edit number to which the particle
contributes. For the example here, it can be seen that neutrons
contribute to both edits while gammas contribute only to the second
edit. A value of 0 terminates the particle's list if there are fewer
particles in the edit than the maximum number of particles in the
problem.

## D.7.4.8 Edit Description

The seventh data-set begins with the title EDIT DESCRIPTION and contains
6 integers: the number of different particles, the number of elemental
edits -- this is for both the second and third entries (one of these
will be removed at a later date), the maximum number of problem energy
bins, the maximum number of problem time bins, and the maximum number of
response bins.

Table D.21: Elemental Edit Data-set Set Entries

|   Integer | Description                                                                     |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|         1 | internal edit number                                                            |
|         2 | user edit number; negative if errors requested                                  |
|         3 | special combined energy deposition indicator; 9 if a combined edit, 0 otherwise |
|         4 | particle number in REGL                                                         |
|         5 | particle number from MCNP6                                                      |
|         6 | number of energy bins                                                           |
|         7 | number of time bins                                                             |
|         8 | number of response bins                                                         |

## D.7.4.9 Edit Data Groups

At this point in the file there begins a variable number of data-sets
which describe details of the elemental edits. What follows for each
particle in the problem are 5 data-sets beginning with EDIT DATA and
ending with RESPONSE BINS. Except for the unit conversion factors, most
of the information presented in these next data-sets also appear in the
title lines of the edit data-sets that appear later in the file.

The EDIT DATA data-set set contains 8 integer values described in Table
D.21.

The CONVERSION FACTORS data-set provides two real numbers in one record:
the energy unit conversion factor followed by the time unit conversion
factor.

The next three data-sets each contain two real records. The ENERGY BINS
data-set supplies the upper energy cut points for the energy bins
followed by the energy multipliers for these energy bins. The TIME BINS
data-set provides similar information for the time bins. The RESPONSE
BINS data-set provides similar information for the response bins. There
should always be one energy, one time, and one response bin whether
requested by the user or not. It is up to the calling code to enforce
this.

## D.7.4.10 Materials

This data-set contains the alphanumeric names of the materials to
associate with the material numbers assigned to each element. The names
are ordered alphanumerically.

## D.7.4.11 Cumulative Instance Element Totals

Parts are instantiated into the global mesh model in the order directed
by the mesh input file. As the parts are added, the number of elements
in that part are totaled and stored sequentially in the cumulative
element totals array. The first element of this array contains the
number of elements in the first instance. For the number of elements in
the remaining instances (2 through max number of instances), subtract
the value in the preceding array location from the instance's array
location value. The values appearing in this data-set are just the
cumulative values stored in this array. This information is primarily of
interest internally to the mesh library and may be eliminated at a later
date from the EEOUT file.

## D.7.4.12 Instance Element Names

This data-set contains the alphanumeric names of the pseudo-cells. There
is one record in the data segment for each pseudo-cell and, generally,
these names are allowed to be 256 characters long. The order of the
names in this data-set is the same order with which they are added to
the global mesh model as directed by the mesh input file.

The user should note that the pseudo-cell names are slightly altered
from what appears in the Abaqus mesh input file. Abaqus can segment a
part. Each of these segments in REGL becomes a pseudo-cell. Because of a
recent infrastructure change in REGL, it was necessary to separate the
pseudo-cells from the instances and promote the pseudo-cell as the
entity that builds the assembly. When the pseudo-cells are separated
from the instances, a name is assigned to the pseudo-cell based on the
original instance name. The instance name is appended with the letter P
and a number starting at 1. The number is incremented for each
additional pseudo-cell removed from the instance.

In a future version of this file, the file name of this section may be
changed.

## D.7.4.13 Instance Element Type Totals

The elements in the global mesh model are ordered and numbered by
element type. This standard order is first-order tetrahedra, first-order
pentahedra, first-order hexahedra, second-order tetrahedra, second-order
pentahedra, and second-order hexahedra. Element numbers proceed
sequentially from 1 to the maximum number of elements in the model. Any
first order tetrahedra has an element number that is less than the first
first-order pentahedra that appears in the model. Similar statements can
be made regarding the element numbers concerning the other element
types. For example, the first instance added to the model may contain a
mixture of first-order pentahedra and hexahedra. The second instance
added may contain only first-order tetrahedra. Even though the instance
containing the tetrahedra was added later, its element numbers will
always be less than the instance containing the pentahedra and
hexahedra.

This data-set contains one record of 12 integers for each pseudo-cell in
the model and the records appear in the order in which the pseudo-cells
were added to the global mesh model as directed by the mesh input file.
These 12 integers are grouped into pairs with each pair providing the
first global element number and the last global element number for each
element type. The order of the pairs is in standard order. In the
example provided in this document, the first pseudo-cell contains only
second-order hexahedra and its first element has global element number
204 and its last global element number is 331.

In a future version of this file, the file name of this section may be
changed.

## D.7.4.14 Nodes Group

The next three data-sets contain node location data. The first set,
'NODES X (cm)', lists all of the x -locations for nodes 1 through max
number of nodes. The second set, 'NODES Y (cm)', lists all of the y
-locations for nodes 1 through max number of nodes. The third set,
'NODES Z (cm)', lists all of the z -locations for nodes 1 through max
number of nodes. As indicated in the title line, these values are in
centimeters, the required unit for the calling code (in this case,
MCNP6).

## D.7.4.15 Element Type

This data-set contains integers that describe the element type for each
of the global elements starting at 1 and proceeding to the maximum
number of elements in the mesh model. First-order tetrahedra,
pentahedra, and hexahedra are given the values 4, 5, and 6,
respectively. These number are just the number of faces in each element
type. Second-order tetrahedra, pentahedra, and hexahedra are given the
values 14, 15, and 16, respectively. These number are just the number of
faces in each element type plus 10.

## D.7.4.16 Element Materials

This data-set contains integers that represent the material number
assigned to each element. Each element in the global mesh model is
associated with a material through its material number. The elements
appear sequentially from 1 to the maximum number of elements in the
global mesh model.

## D.7.4.17 Connectivity Data Group

There are a variable number of connectivity data-sets appearing in the
EEOUT file, depending upon the element types present in the model. If
all six types appear, there will be six data-sets appearing in standard
order. In the example provided in this document, there is only one data-
set in this group and it is for the first-order hexahedra.

The title line in this data-set contains the text ELEMENT ORDERED. This
means that nodes appear by element. All of the nodes for the first
element appear before the nodes for the second element, etc. This is a
change from earlier versions of this file where the information was NODE
ORDERED where all of the first nodes of all elements appeared before all
of the second nodes of all of the elements, etc.

## D.7.4.18 Nearest Neighbor Data Group

There are a variable number of nearest neighbor data-sets appearing in
the EEOUT file, depending upon the element types present in the model.
If all six types appear, there will be six data-sets appearing in the
standard order. In the example provided in this document, there is only
one data-set in this group and it is for the first-order hexahedra.

This data is ordered in the same fashion as the connectivity data. All
of the neighbors for the first element appear before all of the
neighbors of the second element, etc. In addition, the ordering of the
neighbors is by face number. Therefore, a 0 appearing in the third
neighbor position means there is no element appearing as a neighbor on
that face.

## D.7.4.19 Edit Sets Group: Data Output and Data Sets

Depending upon the edit requests from the calling code, a variable
number of edit set results appear after the nearest neighbor data.
Starting with the first particle and continuing through the total number
of particle types tracked on the mesh, all of the regular edits are
output by particle type. The title line segment that appears in all of
these data-sets contain KWV-pairs which provide details describing the
edit set.

Each particle edit list combination comprises its own edit group. The
start of this group of edits is signified with a data-set consisting of
just the meta data segment and a title line segment with three KWV-
pairs. The

keyword for the first KWV-pair is DATA OUTPUT PARTICLE and its value is
the particle number. The keyword for the second KWV-pair is EDIT LIST
and its value is just the edit list number for the particle. The edit
list is a list used by the mesh library. The keyword for the third KWV-
pair is TYPE and its value is a set of alphanumeric characters that are
an amalgamation of the edit type (e.g., FLUX) and the edit number (e.g.,
14) specified in the calling code.

The next data-set is the DATA OUTPUT COMMENT data-set and consists of
the meta data segment and a title line with one KWV-pair. The keyword is
always DATA OUTPUT COMMENT. If no comment was specified by the user for
the edit, the value field is left blank; otherwise, it contains the
comment that was provided in the input.

After the DATA OUTPUT COMMENT data-set, the remainder of the data-sets
forming the edit list appear. These data-sets are full data-sets with
title line and data segments. The title line segment has six KWV-value
pairs containing the time and energy bin numbers, bounds, and
multipliers. Note that in order to avoid a KWV-pair with a non-existent
value, extra keywords were added to the first KWV-pair; these extra
keywords are DATA SETS and flag the data-set as the one with the
numerical results. The keywords TMULT and EMULT are shorthand for time
bin multiplier and energy bin multiplier, respectively.

If either the time or energy domains are broken into bins, the mesh
library will automatically sum the bins to produce a total result. When
this appears in the file the bin number is replaced with the string
TOTAL and the corresponding bin values and multipliers are replaced with
the string N/A, indicating that this information is not applicable
because it was not input by the user. If both the time and energy
domains are broken into bins, the mesh library will automatically sum
the bins to provide total time results for each energy bin and total
energy results for each time bin in addition to total time and total
energy results.

After all of the regular edit set information is written to the EEOUT
file, any edit sets for composite edits appear. The only thing that
differs with this edit group is the particle descriptor in the DATA
OUTPUT title line. For the regular edits the value of the first KWV-pair
is a particle number. For the composite edits the value is a string
where the particle numbers have been blended to produce an unique
identifier (e.g., 1\_2).

NOTE: Users familiar with earlier versions of MCNP6 and the EEOUT file
should recognize that the components of the composite edit are no longer
handled separately. This was done to save memory for really large
problems.

## D.7.4.20 Centroids Group

After the edit set data-sets there appear three data-sets for the
element centroids. These three data-sets are presented in a similar
fashion as the node information. X-centroids for all elements appear
first in their own data-set followed by data-sets for the y-centroids
and z-centroids, respectively.

## D.7.4.21 Densities and Volumes

The next to last data-set is the material density values for each
element for elements number one to the maximum number of elements in the
global mesh model. The units for these values are grams per cubic
centimeter as indicated in the corresponding title line.

The last data-set contains the volumes for each element for elements
number one to the maximum number of elements in the global mesh model.
The units for these values are cubic centimeters.

## D.7.5 Example EEOUT File

The following EEOUT file is a composite of two different problems.

<!-- image -->

| 1 MCNP EDITS A                               |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|----------------------------------------------|---------------------------|------|--------------------|--------|----|----|
| 3 EEOUT : ABAQUS 4                           | 2                         | 1    | 16                 | 1      |    |    |
| VERSION: 6                                   |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 5 20                                         | 8                         | 1    | 256                | 1      | 1  | 1  |
| 6 CALLING CODE LABELS                        |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 7 Prob ID :                                  | simple cube, each element | is a | statistical set, 8 | total| |    |    |
| 8 Calling Code :                             | MCNP6|                    |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 9 Code Version : 10 Date & Time :            | 6.1.88| 02/08/11 09:48:4| |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 11 Inp File : 12 Outp File :                 | inp1007a| inp1007ao|      |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 13 Runtpe File :                             |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 14                                           | inp1007ar|                |      |                    |        |    |    |
| Geom Inp File :                              | um1007.inp|               |      | 1                  |        |    |    |
| 0                                            | 12                        | 1    |                    | 42     |    |    |
| 15 16 NUMBER OF PARTICLES:                   |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              |                           | 2 27 |                    |        |    |    |
| 17 NUMBER OF NODES : 18 NUMBER OF MATERIALS: |                           | 6    |                    |        |    |    |
| 19 NUMBER OF INSTANCES:                      |                           | 6    |                    |        |    |    |
| 20 NUMBER OF 1st TETS :                      |                           | 30   |                    |        |    |    |
| 21 NUMBER OF 1st PENTS:                      |                           | 8    |                    |        |    |    |
| 22 NUMBER OF 1st HEXS :                      |                           | 128  |                    |        |    |    |
| NUMBER OF 2nd TETS                           | :                         | 29   |                    |        |    |    |
| 23 24 NUMBER OF 2nd PENTS:                   |                           | 8    |                    |        |    |    |
| 25 NUMBER OF 2nd HEXS :                      |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| NUMBER OF HISTORIES:                         |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 27 NUMBER OF EDITS                           |                           | 2    |                    |        |    |    |
| 28 0                                         | 2                         | 1    | 1                  | 43     |    |    |
| 29 : 30 NORMALIZATION FACTOR:                | 1.0000000000000E-03       |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 31 14                                        | 1                         | 2    | 4                  | 2      |    |    |
| 32 PARTICLE LIST                             |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              | 2                         |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 34 19                                        | 1                         | 2    | 4                  | 4      |    |    |
| 35 PARTICLE EDIT LIST                        |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 1                                            | 1                         | 2    |                    |        |    |    |
| 36 37 18                                     |                           |      | 4                  | 6      |    |    |
| 38 EDIT                                      |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 39 2 2                                       | 2 2                       | 2    |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              |                           | 2    | 4                  |        |    |    |
| 40                                           | 1                         |      |                    | 8      |    |    |
| 10                                           |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              |                           |      |                    |        | 8  | 8  |
| 41 EDIT DATA                                 |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              |                           | 1    |                    |        |    |    |
| DESCRIPTION                                  |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              |                           | 0    |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              | 2 2                       |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              | :                         |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 33 1                                         |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              | 1.0000000000000E+00       |      |                    |        |    |    |
|                                              | 128 1000                  |      |                    |        |    |    |
| LENGTH CONVERSION                            |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |
| 26                                           |                           |      |                    |        |    |    |

<!-- image -->

| 1 -14                                                                  | 1                                                                      | 1                                                                      | 1                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        | 0                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 19                                                                     | 1                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 2 2                                                                    |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             | CONVERSION FACTORS 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                             |
| 12                                                                     | 2                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 5                                                                      |                                                                        | 1                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            | ENERGY BINS                                                            |
| 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            |
| 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            |
| 10                                                                     | 2                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 5                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      | 50 1 51 TIME BINS                                                      |
| 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+33 1.00000E+00                                                |
| 14                                                                     | 2                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 1                                                                      | 5                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          | RESPONSE BINS                                                          |
| 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            |
| 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            |
|                                                                        | 1                                                                      | 2                                                                      | 4                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 8                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           | 10 EDIT DATA                                                           |
| 2 -36                                                                  | 2 1                                                                    | 2 3                                                                    | 2                                                                      | 2                                                                      | 2                                                                      | 9                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                | 19 8 CONVERSION FACTORS                                                |
| 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                                                |
|                                                                        | 2                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 2                                                                      | 5                                                                      | 12                                                                     |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 2.00000E+00 1.00000E+10                                                | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         | 65 ENERGY BINS                                                         |
| 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     | 66                                                                     |
| 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        | 68 10 2 3 8 2 5                                                        |
| 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        | 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+39 1.00000E+00 1.00000E+00                        |
| 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   | 14 5                                                                   |
|                                                                        | 2                                                                      | 3                                                                      | 8                                                                      | 1                                                                      |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |                                                                        |
| 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    | 72 73 RESPONSE BINS                                                    |
| 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            | 1.00000E+36                                                            |
| 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            | 1.00000E+00                                                            |
| 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         | 10 6 1 256 1 1                                                         |
| MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              | MATERIALS                                                              |
| 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 | 78 Material _ end _ lin _ hex _ 01 79 Material _ end _ quad _ hex _ 06 |
| 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 | 80 Material _ mid _ lin _ pent _ 04 81 Material _ mid _ lin _ tet _ 02 |
| 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   | 82 Material _ mid _ quad _ pent _ 05                                   |
| Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       | Material _ mid _ quad _ tet _ 03                                       |

<!-- image -->

|                                                       | 36                                                    | 1                                                     |                                                       | 2                                                     | 4                                                     | 5                                                     |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 84                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| INSTANCE                                              | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          | 6 CUMMULATIVE ELEMENT TOTALS                          |                 |
| 128                                                   | 136                                                   | 166                                                   | 174                                                   | 203                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 86 LA-UR-24-24602,                                    | Appendix                                              |                                                       |                 |
| 331                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 87                                                    | D.                                                    |                                                       |                 |
| 23                                                    |                                                       | 6                                                     | 1                                                     |                                                       | 256                                                   | 1                                                     |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 88                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                | INSTANCE ELEMENT NAMES                                |                 |
| 90 Part-end _ quad _ hex-1P1                          | 90 Part-end _ quad _ hex-1P1                          |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 91 Rev. 1                                             |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 | Part-mid _ lin _ pent-1P1 92 Part-mid _ lin _ tet-1P1 |                 |
| Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             | Part-mid _ quad _ tet-1P1                             |                 |
| _ lin _ hex-1P1                                       | _ lin _ hex-1P1                                       | 6                                                     | 2                                                     |                                                       | 4                                                     | 12                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 96                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 97 INSTANCE ELEMENT                                   | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     | 29 12 TYPE TOTALS                                     |                 |
| 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     |                                                       | 0                                                     | 204 331                                               | 98                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 31                                                    | 38                                                    | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     |                                                       | 0                                                     | 0 0                                                   | 99                                                    |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 1                                                     | 30                                                    | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     |                                                       | 0                                                     | 0 0                                                   | 100                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 196                                                   |                                                       | 203                                                   | 0 0                                                   | 101                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     |                                                       | 0                                                     | 0 0                                                   | 102                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 0                                                     | 39                                                    | 166                                                   | 0                                                     |                                                       | 0                                                     | 0 0                                                   | 103 953                                               |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
|                                                       | 13                                                    | 1                                                     |                                                       | 3                                                     | 8                                                     | 5                                                     |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 104                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| NODES                                                 |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 105 of                                                |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| X (cm) -5.00000E+00                                   | -5.00000E+00                                          | -5.00000E+00                                          |                                                       | -5.00000E+00                                          | -5.00000E+00                                          |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 106 1135                                              |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| -5.00000E+00 108                                      | -5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                              | -5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                              |                                                       | -5.00000E+00                                          | 0.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                               |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 107                                                   | D.7.                                                  |                                                       |                 |
| 0.00000E+00 0.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                   | 0.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                               | 0.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                               |                                                       | 0.00000E+00 5.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                   | 5.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                               |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 109 110                                               |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 5.00000E+00 112                                       | 5.00000E+00 13                                        | 1                                                     |                                                       | 3                                                     | 8                                                     |                                                       | 5                                                     |                                                       |                                                       | 111                                                   | Unstructured                                          |                                                       |                 |
| NODES Y (cm) -5.00000E+00                             | 0.00000E+00 -5.00000E+00                              | 5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                               |                                                       | -5.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                              | 0.00000E+00 -5.00000E+00                              |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 113 114                                               | Mesh                                                  |                                                       |                 |
| 115 5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                           | 5.00000E+00                                           | -5.00000E+00                                          |                                                       | 0.00000E+00                                           | 5.00000E+00                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 116                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| -5.00000E+00                                          | 0.00000E+00                                           | 5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00                               |                                                       | -5.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                              | 0.00000E+00                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 117                                                   | File                                                  |                                                       |                 |
| 5.00000E+00                                           | -5.00000E+00 5.00000E+00                              |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | -5.00000E+00                                          |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
|                                                       |                                                       | 1                                                     |                                                       |                                                       | 8                                                     |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 118                                                   | Format:                                               |                                                       |                 |
| 0.00000E+00                                           | 13                                                    |                                                       |                                                       | 3                                                     |                                                       |                                                       | 5                                                     |                                                       |                                                       | 119 Theory                                            |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm)                                       | 27 NODES Z (cm) |
|                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 120 121 &                                             |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 1.00000E+01                                           | 1.00000E+01                                           | 1.00000E+01                                           |                                                       | 5.00000E+00                                           | 5.00000E+00                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 122                                                   | Legacy                                                |                                                       |                 |
| 5.00000E+00                                           | 0.00000E+00                                           | 0.00000E+00                                           |                                                       | 0.00000E+00                                           | 1.00000E+01                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 123 User                                              |                                                       |                                                       |                 |
| 1.00000E+01                                           | 1.00000E+01                                           | 5.00000E+00                                           |                                                       | 5.00000E+00                                           | 5.00000E+00                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 124 Manual                                            | EEOUT                                                 |                                                       |                 |
| 0.00000E+00                                           | 0.00000E+00                                           | 0.00000E+00                                           |                                                       | 1.00000E+01                                           | 1.00000E+01                                           |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       |                                                       | 125                                                   |                                                       |                                                       |                 |

<!-- image -->

| 126              | 1.00000E+01 5.00000E+00 0.00000E+00 0.00000E+00   | 5.00000E+00                  | 5.00000E+00   |               | 0.00000E+00           |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|------------------|---------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|---------------|---------------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|----|
| 127 128          | 13                                                | 1                            | 2             | 4             |                       | 20                                                       | 20                                                       |    |
| 129              | ELEMENT TYPE                                      |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 130              | 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 131              | 17                                                | 1                            | 2             | 4             |                       | 10                                                       | 10                                                       |    |
| 132              | ELEMENT MATERIAL                                  |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 133 1            | 1 1                                               | 1                            | 1 1           | 1             | 1                     |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 134              | 49                                                | 1                            | 2             |               |                       | 8                                                        | 8                                                        |    |
| 135 CONNECTIVITY | DATA 1ST ORDER                                    |                              |               |               | 4                     |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 136              | 11                                                | HEXS ELEMENT                 | ORDERED       |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 10               |                                                   | 13                           | 14            |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               | 19            | 20                    | 22 23                                                    | 22 23                                                    |    |
| 137 12           | 11                                                | 14                           | 15            | 20            | 21                    | 23                                                       | 23                                                       |    |
| 138 14 15        |                                                   | 17                           | 18            | 23            | 24                    | 26 27                                                    | 26 27                                                    |    |
| 139 13 14        |                                                   | 16                           | 17            | 22            | 23                    | 25                                                       | 25                                                       |    |
| 140 1 2          |                                                   | 4                            | 5             | 10            | 11                    | 13 14                                                    | 13 14                                                    |    |
| 141 3            | 2                                                 | 5                            | 6             | 11            | 12                    | 15                                                       | 15                                                       |    |
| 142 6            | 5                                                 | 8                            | 9             |               | 14 15                 | 17                                                       | 17                                                       |    |
| 143 5 144        | 4 37                                              | 7                            | 8             | 13            | 14                    | 16                                                       | 16                                                       |    |
|                  |                                                   | 1                            | 2             |               | 4                     | 6                                                        | 6                                                        |    |
| 145 NEAREST      |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | NEIGHBOR DATA 1ST ORDER HEXS                      | NEIGHBOR DATA 1ST ORDER HEXS |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 146 55           | 0                                                 | 0                            | 40            |               | 47 0                  |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 0 57             | 56                                                | 0                            | 41            | 48            | 39 49                 |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 147 148 0        |                                                   | 0                            | 42            |               | 40                    |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 149 58 0         |                                                   | 0                            | 43            |               | 50 41                 |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 59               |                                                   |                              | 44            |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 60 0             |                                                   |                              | 45            |               | 43                    |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              | 46            |               | 53                    |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 152 0            |                                                   | 0                            | 0             |               | 44 54                 |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 153 0 58         |                                                   |                              |               |               | 45                    | 0                                                        | 0                                                        |    |
| 154              |                                                   | 0                            | 0             |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 155 DATA OUTPUT  | :                                                 | :                            | 1 ; TYPE :    | FLUX _        | 0 14                  |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | PARTICLE : 1 ; EDIT LIST                          | PARTICLE : 1 ; EDIT LIST     | 0             |               | 0                     | 0                                                        | 0                                                        |    |
| 157 DATA         | OUTPUT COMMENT :                                  |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 158              | 145                                               | 1                            | 3             |               | 8                     | 5                                                        | 5                                                        |    |
| 159 DATA SETS    | RESULT TIME BIN                                   | : 1 ; TIME                   | VALUE :       |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               | 1.000E+33     | ; TMULT : 1.00000E+00 | ; ENERGY BIN : 1 ; ENERGY VALUE : 1.000E+36 ; EMULT :    | ; ENERGY BIN : 1 ; ENERGY VALUE : 1.000E+36 ; EMULT :    |    |
| 160 0.00000E+00  | 4.43650E-02                                       | 4.52883E-02                  |               | 4.73776E-02   | 4.99024E-02           |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 161 4.24386E-02  |                                                   | 4.10545E-02                  |               | 4.90753E-02   |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 162              | 4.63551E-02                                       | 0                            | 0             |               | 0                     | 0                                                        | 0                                                        |    |
| 163 DATA         | PARTICLE : 1                                      | ; :                          | 2 ; TYPE      | : ENERGY _ 36 |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | DATA OUTPUT COMMENT :                             | 0                            | 0             |               | 0                     | 0                                                        | 0                                                        |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       | 5                                                        | 5                                                        |    |
|                  |                                                   | 1                            | 3             | 8             |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | 145                                               |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| RESULTS          |                                                   |                              |               |               | TMULT :               | ; ENERGY                                                 | ; ENERGY                                                 |    |
| 167 DATA SETS    |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       | BIN : 1 ; ENERGY VALUE : 2.000E+00 ; EMULT : 1.00000E+00 | BIN : 1 ; ENERGY VALUE : 2.000E+00 ; EMULT : 1.00000E+00 |    |
|                  | TIME BIN                                          |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   | : 1 ; TIME                   |               | ;             | 1.00000E+00           |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              | VALUE :       | 1.000E+39     |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          | 166 Manual                                               |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          | 165 User                                                 |    |
| 164              |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | 22                                                | EDIT LIST                    |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | 60 OUTPUT                                         |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | 61                                                |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          | 156                                                      |    |
|                  |                                                   | 0                            |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   | 0                            |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  | 62                                                |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
| 150              | 0                                                 |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               | 52                    | 52                                                       | 52                                                       | 52 |
| 0                |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               | 42                    |                                                          |                                                          |    |
|                  |                                                   |                              |               |               |                       |                                                          | 151                                                      |    |
| 51               | 51                                                | 51                           | 51            | 51            | 51                    | 51                                                       | 51                                                       | 51 |

<!-- image -->

```
210 17 1 3 8 8 5 211 CENTROIDS X (cm) 212 -2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 213 2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 214 17 1 3 8 8 5 215 CENTROIDS Y (cm) 216 -2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 217 2.50000E+00 -2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 218 17 1 3 8 8 5 219 CENTROIDS Z (cm) 220 7.50000E+00 7.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 7.50000E+00 221 7.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 2.50000E+00 222 18 1 3 8 8 5 223 DENSITY (gm/cm^3) 224 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 225 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 1.87401E+01 226 15 1 3 8 8 5 227 VOLUMES (cm^3) 228 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02 229 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02 1.25000E+02
```